potatoes old shitty tray oil knife P
your damn oven take potato take knife
slice take potato again stuck slice one
more time cut up the whole fucking bag
potatoes cut up next step
oil pour pour keep pouring
keep pouring Lots keep pouring keep porn
we want greasy potatoes greasy salt
pouring potatoes
take greasy potatoes put it in the oven
remember dinner just isn't dinner
without a whole pizza beforehand shut
door they're done take them out BAM
bacon cheeseburger pizza mmm
but now it's time for greasy potato time
Coke Zero helps with making the meal
more light time to eat let's rock and
roll
[Music]
never - there you go don't forget to
click the button up top and subscribe to
all my videos tons of videos coming up
gonna do new videos every week if you
have any special requests just let me
know put it in the comment box in my
channel or on the video up to you I'll
read them you can send me a message to
email anything this is the new furious
Pete and he's gonna fucking eat your
world